The relationship between the Empire and the Soviet Union was not changed even after the Great East started the war.
However, the Soviet Union has recently decided to establish a relationship with the Empire by a neutral treaty.
At an installed point, by defining such an лю provide for the interests and us as
and as an F for the events,
The future of the two-story building, which is located on the front of the war, is expected to be more and more significant,
but as long as the Soviet Union is in favor of the right-wing movement, there is no room for this kind of construction.
The Imperial Government is fighting with a calm attitude in favor of the security of the north.
Now, in today's modern sunshine, the situation against the North is constantly priority to oversteep the pink side
The international situation around the empire is developing in a favorable way,
but in contrast, the situation in Beille is very bad.
At first, Beille asked for the abundant resources,
for the situation in area of benefit,
and he arranged the officials to wait the timing of a tehee of the signal of the last draw indicating prowess by a short duration and
Our plan will actually bring the response
of the squeeze changes made by two prefectural government scientists
shooting at us,
and change to more active measures.
We realize that the frozen price,
and the choice from the economic factors
That's why people are heading for it.